uh professor they were just that they do
right now and we had a great team game
rather than in December Wisconsin
basketball insulin and all of us to win
you have to defend there's no way we can
give up 70 points in the first half who
can give about 43 points in the first
quarter on seventy-seven percent shoot
you know it's just can't happen it just
can't happen and you know it's not it's
not physical I think it's more bits with
anything there was mention fatigue or
just back up back up knock off is the
lack of focus and it's all trickling
down to work on the floor so we got to
figure this out obviously it's a good
test for us no we're good routine where
we were gues love adverse the mornings
and we definitely at that point you can
tell my damn voice no and uh I gotta try
to find it to the train thanks for
Suffolk notice today about the star near
the stove we just came out to lex and
they they was playing on another speed
it was a they've planted like 15 Ruth
clan likes that
give us that much been like five I never
funded by as we think in the first where
they have 14 fast-break points that
pretty much got what they wanted it's my
way to use to our other time Malcolm
they're gonna have too much energy of
the collective group you know the
connection defensively it's just not
there right now smokin sorry oh no we
are better bulk up you feel like all the
team elevator fight when it Lincoln's
Miami oh we got worried about us about
to go against us they love to see where
they are the season where they play
against us they were not acceptable jobs
right now when you blow your voice I
have no idea that happened in second or
third quarter oh no feel like I was
yelling no much talking to fencing you
don't like I was yelling let's go what
can you tell us about this wizard
Stephen does a breaker reflect what when
you play tonight
obviously John Wall is healthy they're
very very good team and game at night
and also Nene I was on private bill and
the rest of those guys they're not
really good team is the team that we all
got would be pretty good and no I guess
this whole start hopefully better no no
LeBron he said that you hadn't gotten a
lot of on court work without and then
you're out there and a little bit
tonight what did you see from him and no
idea went actually until he was getting
dressed there's a knee brace on you
activity was like yes you know I was
very exciting i didn't know he was gonna
get an opportunity to play either but we
got on the floor I said um I was as
possible every time you continue to sit
out for long periods of time when you
decide to come back and keep getting
dumped on your first attempt Avenue all
is in preseason and a habit of 92 uh
that's pretty cool man i'm happy for him
and then hopefully he can they continue
to strive to getting you know three
minutes i have 25 exam for 76 well too I
don't where he could be a big plus Wars
obviously in a short amount of minutes
tonight it was he was pretty good horse
can you envision a progression for my
channel are very logical we hope the
wheel and you know but he has no
pressure no pressure and whatever he can
give us I know but this time on the
floor is gonna be a plus we know he's a
big body he's gonna reabon help plug
shots he's gonna help calm the tank and
he can catch the finish and something
that we can definitely
yeah Oh more thing Gracie who's always
grooming it's over he gained so many
wrong name so many things that you have
to know is that just basketball it's you
have to deal with but you find a way and
like I said right now I drill it looks
like that if I were mentally fatigued
you know once we get the phone whatever
is stopping us from getting motivated I
already have to kind of told you know
behind no not with the models get
content on what we need to do when I
skipper and the last few games loves the
attention more Ellen and then tonight
know some of the games everyone we
didn't play great fancy path which is
very talented can't play basketball that
way we have to work our hands like we've
done in previous years we've always had
this point I don't know why we love to
do this since I've been here 14 years we
had a point we just is not that good
then we just clicked him no this is the
multitude really click right now you got
shaved down as a
the roster change that linger a little
longer where the type of brother goes
away Malik said dr. banner for his own
career you know he worked his way to
being starting center honest and his
franchise when even getting a contract
contract extension you know you'd be
ganging very roll when he was you know
drafted to this demon give my everyday
meals for years for d white and you be
able six years and you start to feel
like it was a brother you know it was
very surprising for all of them is we
didn't you said no one seemed to coming
no good I don't internet you can say
coming it was tough level obviously we
humpin it was tough ball LeBron first
three-game losing streak since back in
two thousand twelve does it feel a
little different though coming after two
titles no three games you know we got to
figure out how to get this one in Philly
you know what nope
I've got this three-game losing streak
we go to the plate how we grade last
night game we've had operatories and I
obviously wasn't one know from the
beginning I made a good run when you hit
your dick hole like that you know any
mistake
and Ron you